---
layout: post.html
title: 'Curriculum Vitae'
tags: [ Curriculum ]
---
#{{ site.author }}#
28 Lichfield Road
Stafford, ST17 4LL
luis@luis-checa.com

I am a young programmer, looking to expand my knowledge and gain experience, regardless of the country.
I like gaming, tinkering with gadgets, and most importantly pizza.

##Education##
###2013 - to date, Staffordshire University: Computer Games Programming###
  - _Games and Graphics Systems_: C++, used OpenGL to make simple 2D and 3D demos
  - _Introduction Software Development_: Java, used Swing to make tests for various fundamental concepts
  - _Profesional Business Skills_: PHP and SQL, used to emulate a scenario to host a survey for a game
  - _Games and Graphics Concepts_: C++, using DirectX 11 to make a 3D racing demo
  - _Concurrent Network Application_: C#, using WinForms and Threading to make an airport control simulator.
  - _Technical Games Production_: C#, using PSM Studio to make games for the Playstation Vita.

###2011 - 2013, South Trafford College: BTEC L3 Extended Diploma Software Development###


##Employment##
- December 2012 - to date: *Products and Systems Adminstrator* - Solar Panels Direct.

  In charge of developing, improving and mantaining tools for their products,<br />
  as well as creating and mantaining a tool distribution system.

##Skills and Abilities##
###Language Skills###
- English
- Spanish [Native]

###Computer Skills###
- Microsoft Excel [Advanced]
- Python [Intermediate]
- C++ [Intermediate]
- C# [Beginner-Intermediate]
- Visual Basic [Beginner-Intermediate]
- Java [Beginner-Intermediate]

##Achievements##
- I mantain a blog using a python framework that generates static content pages.
- On our University's freshers week we won the competition to make a game in 3 days using game maker software.
- On every console I have owned I have tried/used user made apps to learn about their respective SDKs.
- I can handle command line since I own and use 3 small VPS instances (debian) where I use bash and vim to get around.
- I wrote a script using python and tasker to log and send my work invoices based on my phone's gps.

##Interests##
I enjoy working with computers and testing new technologies and software.
I am also a fan of using scripting languages and automation tools to raise my productivity.
####Computing Activities####
- Website Technologies, Systems Adminstration (Unix), Computer Hardware.

####Entertainment####
- Japanese/Western Animation, Sci-fi Novels, Films: Horror/Thriller, Sci-fi, Action.

####Gaming####
- FPS, RPG Action/Adventure, MMORPG, MOBA, Mystery/Horror, Sci-fi.

